New `elvis_style` rule: `no_init_lists` (#367)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/no_init_lists.md

# No Init Lists

> This warns you if you use list as a parameter in an init function in a gen_* module.
> [Reasoning](https://erlangforums.com/t/args-in-gen-init-1/3169/4?u=elbrujohalcon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use a list as the parameter for the `init/1` callback when implementing `gen_*` behaviours. It's semantically clearer to use a tuple or a map. [More info](https://erlangforums.com/t/args-in-gen-init-1/3169/4?u=elbrujohalcon).
```

Reviewer 2: I think it's safe to remove `?u=elbrujohalcon` from the link.

Author: You are right I removed and changed the last id from `4` to `5` to point the link to the right comment.

> > Works on `.beam` file? Not really! (it consumes results Ok, but these might be unexpected, since
> the files are pre-processed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Works on `.beam` files? Yes!
```
